Car ports: update PR template (#23996)
commaai/openpilot: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--- ***** Template: Car port *****

**Checklist**

> - [ ] added to make's CarInfo in selfdrive/car/*/values.py and ran generator at selfdrive/car/docs.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] added entry to CarInfo in selfdrive/car/*/values.py and ran `selfdrive/car/docs.py` to generate new docs
```
